# Maintainer Meeting

## Attendees

- [Yiyang Huang](https://github.com/hyy0322) (ByteDance/Dragonfly)
- [Han Jiang](https://github.com/CormickKneey) (Kuaishou/Dragonfly)
- [Zhou Xu](https://github.com/fcgxz2003) (Dalian University of Technology/Dragonfly)
- [Gaius](https://github.com/gaius-qi) (Ant Group/Dragonfly)
- [Song Yan](https://github.com/imeoer) (Ant Group/Nydus)
- [Liu Zhao](https://github.com/BraveY) (Ant Group/Nydus)
- [Chenyu Zhang](https://github.com/chlins) (Ant Group/Dragonfly/Harbor)
- [Peng Tao](https://github.com/bergwolf) (Ant Group/Nydus)
- [Cheng Ming](https://github.com/mingcheng) (Ant Group/Dragonfly)
- [Muyu Yang](https://github.com/LunaWhispers) (Ant Group/Dragonfly)
- [Xinxin Zhao](https://github.com/Liam-Zhao) (Dragonfly)

## Topics

- Discussion on community governance issues and election of new community management. @mingcheng @gaius-qi
- Fluid will support Model Artifact by OCI Spec, and Dragonfly needs to support P2P distribution of Model layers. @chlins @gaius-qi
- VLLM will support Model Artifact by OCI Spec, and Dragonfly needs to support P2P distribution of Model layers. @CormickKneey

## Group discussion on design reviews, code reviews, issue reviews or other technical topics as needed

### Github Issue

- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/4138 @yxxhero
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/2956 @yxxhero
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/client/issues/1116 @yxxhero
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/4112 @fcgxz2003
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/2559 @fcgxz2003
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/helm-charts/issues/242 @fcgxz2003
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/2956 @gaius-qi
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/3031 @gaius-qi
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/3566 @gaius-qi
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/4040 @gaius-qi
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/client/issues/1083 @gaius-qi
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/3733 @chlins
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/3771 @chlins
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/helm-charts/issues/363 @chlins
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/3744 @CormickKneey
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/helm-charts/issues/350 @CormickKneey
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/3807 @mingcheng
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/3816 @hyy0322
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/4130 @hyy0322
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/3981 @LunaWhispers
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/4094 @LunaWhispers
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/helm-charts/issues/244 @LunaWhispers
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/dragonfly/issues/4020 @Liam-Zhao
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/helm-charts/issues/387 @imeoer
- https://github.com/dragonflyoss/helm-charts/issues/293 @BraveY

### Slack Issue

- https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C038X8KH1QT/p1741188384363019 @CormickKneey
- https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C038X8KH1QT/p1741616297121759 @yxxhero
- https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C038X8KH1QT/p1742891332327109 @chlins
- https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C038X8KH1QT/p1742572826462699 @LunaWhispers
- https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C038X8KH1QT/p1747035632085719?thread_ts=1742891332.327109&cid=C038X8KH1QT @hyy0322
- https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C038X8KH1QT/p1747600751800069 @fcgxz2003
- https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C038X8KH1QT/p1748293597062079 @fcgxz2003

## Synchronization and discussion of community promotion activities (e.g., conference promotion, technical articles)

### OpenInfra LLM Meetup

- Date: 2025-07-05
- Location: Suzhou, China
- Topic: Model Pack-based AI Model Management and Distribution Practices
- Participants: @LunaWhispers

## Actions

- [ ] Collect information of the conference promotion and organiz members to participate. @mingcheng
- [ ] Collect old version release notes and add them to the Dragonfly Website, refer to https://www.cncf.io/?s=dragonfly. @mingcheng
- [ ] Improve governance community documentation and processes. @mingcheng
- [ ] Handle with issues in the nydus project that have not been responded to for a long time and tag the issues. @imeoer @BraveY
- [ ] Add actions for Close stale issues and PRs in the Nydus. @imeoer @BraveY
- [ ] Support Model Artifact by OCI Spec in VLLM, and Dragonfly needs to support P2P distribution of Model layers. @CormickKneey
- [ ] Support Model Artifact by OCI Spec in VLLM, and Dragonfly needs to support P2P distribution of Model layers. @chlins @gaius-qi
- [ ] Collect the next meeting topics and host the next meeting. @chlins
